{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2706
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Home\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 \
\
Hey there, I\'92m Alex\
I\'92m a product designer based in Berlin, Germany.\
I passionate about crafting emotion-driven user stories and delivering exceptional user experiences\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 \ulnone A little about me\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 I'm a problem solver and storyteller, dedicated to creating exceptional product experiences.\uc0\u8232 Through my experience as a creative producer and digital art assistant, I've successfully translated complex concepts into engaging narratives. In those jobs, my work environment was always changing and tasks would be different every day, from graphic design tasks, shooting and editing videos, to helping students and staff with IT problems. Through that, adaptability became the core of my work, allowing me to respond flexibly, even in situations outside of my comfort zone. Through that I create impactful and unforgettable experiences\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 My Design Process\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 My design process is rooted in a deep understanding of the user. I begin by conducting thorough user research to uncover valuable insights and define user personas. From there, I create wireframes and interactive prototypes to visualize the user flow and iterate on design solutions. Usability testing and feedback analysis are integral parts of my process, allowing me to refine and optimize designs for maximum impact.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Project 1:\uc0\u8232 
\f0\b Pluto Pay - Case Study\

\f1\b0 Discover the power of PlutoPay, the ultimate banking and wallet app that puts you in the driver\'92s seat of your financial journey. We\'92ve partnered with banks to uncover hidden fees and expose dark patterns, ensuring that you stay informed and in control.\
Throughout this project, I immersed myself in thorough research, iterative design, and extensive user testing to create a seamless and intuitive user experience.\
Dive into the journey behind PlutoPay's evolution into a user-centric and efficient digital wallet solution, crafted with passion and dedication.\ul \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 \ulnone Kinderbuchseminar - \uc0\u8232 Responsive One Pager\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 I worked closely with the founders of this project and developed a streamlined sign-up process that prioritized accessibility and delivered a seamless experience for users. Thorough user research, I identified an optimal user flow, ensuring intuitive navigation and ease of use. }