{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2706
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf0 Project Page Pluto Pay:\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs26 \cf0 Introducing PlutoPay: Your All-in-One Banking Companion!\
\
Discover the power of PlutoPay, the ultimate banking and wallet app that puts you in the driver's seat of your financial journey. We've partnered with banks to uncover hidden fees and expose dark patterns, ensuring that you stay informed and in control.\
\
Pretend to sign up on our concept landing page. \
\
\
I\'92ve build this project as part of a UX Bootcamp with Career Foundry.\
\
I am the sole designer of this project but got great help from friends, peers and mentors in the form of feedback, volunteering for interviews \
\
This is an in depth case study on how I\'92ve made this design. \
If you just want to see cool Visuals without this much reading check out the concept page, the current prototype or my Behance board of this Project.\
\
\
The Design Process: \
Empathize -  Define - Ideate & Prototype - Test - Implement - Final Result\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Empathize\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 Competitive Analysis \
\
What\'92s on the Market already?\
PayPal is a global eCommerce plat- form for buyers & sellers. PayPal al- lows payments & money transfers to be made securely via email, phone, text message or Skype. \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Define\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 Affinity Map - What I learned from them\
Sitemap\
Personas\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Ideate\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 Journey maps\
Low-fidelity Prototype\
\
Once I had a solid list of requirements for the new design, I decided to conduct a card sorting session, to get a better grasp of how users expect the content to be organized.\
\
During the card sorting session, I asked participants to organize tasks into categories, which they had to come up by themselves. \
\
To make sense of the collected data, I visualized the date through a similarity matrix, which illustrates the relationships between the categorized tasks. Additionally, an agreement dendrogram was employed to showcase the level of consensus among participants. This shows the preferred content organization.\
\
Overall, this exercise proved to be instrumental in refining our understanding of users' perspectives and informed our design decisions accordingly when creating the sitemap.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Prototype\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 Mid-fidelity\
\
The next hurdle was to transform the flows into practical wireframes. This crucial step involved distilling all the data into meaningful information that users could easily digest. My aim was to create an effortless and hassle-free experience when it came to navigation and finding information.\
\
To achieve this, I had to keep the number of screens to a minimum. This meant creating numerous wireframe variations, where different features and functions were combined, in order to determine which ones performed better than others.\
\
I was aware of the potential of overwhelming the user. Balancing this concern, I strove to minimize the risk without compromising any essential features or critical information. It was a delicate balancing act to ensure a user-friendly experience while retaining the necessary functionality.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Test\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 Summary\
Issues & Changes\
Test Plan and results\
\
Implement\
\
Next I reworked the prototypes with the feedback from the user tests in mind. I also developed a design language system to set fonts, colors, logos and other visual material, so that other designer are able to pick the project up later on.\
\
\
UI Design\
Design System\
High Fidelity Prototype\
\
\
\
Final Results\uc0\u8232 Landing Page and Prototype\
}